REST Request Header:

GET https://www.googleapis.com/books/v1/volumes?q=turing HTTP/1.1
    This is a particular HTTP verb which pertains to getting data off a server. It implies a readonly action

Accept-Encoding: gzip,deflate
    The accepting encoding of the packets. gzip pertains to a particular compression method.

Host: www.googleapis.com
    The name of the host which the server is running on. 

Connection: Keep-Alive
    Whether or not to keep the connection persistant or not. Keep-Alive implies that the
    connection should be kept alive

User-Agent: Apache-HttpClient/4.1.1 (java 1.5)
    This is the actual client which is connecting to the server. Since we were using SoapUI it appears to not have a common browser

REST Response Header:

ETag	"_rmWcTkH-s1QFjg9mC3Xel0FZSQ/2FSmQu-BHOQvWbb3Td5LQjm4XuU"
	A string which depicts the version a representation. 

Content-Length	28526
	The size of the entity body in bytes. Allows for a client to prepare an appropirate size. 

#status#	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
	Provides the HTTP exit status.

X-XSS-Protection	1; mode=block
	The header which enables Cross Site Scripting (XSS). Usually this is enabled however it is re-enabled just in case the user disabled this.

Expires	Mon, 09 Feb 2015 22:32:28 GMT
	Displays the header expiration date. Hence the header will be valid until the given date.

Alternate-Protocol	443:quic,p=0.02
	This is for use of alternative protocols that the developers which decide to use.

Server	GSE
	This is the name of the server (hostname)

X-Content-Type-Options	nosniff
	Declares whether or not MIME sniffing is allowed

Cache-Control	private, max-age=0, must-revalidate, no-transform
	Contrains directives on how to cache between the server and client.

X-Frame-Options	SAMEORIGIN
	It describes how the page should be rendered.

Vary	Origin
Vary	X-Origin
Date	Mon, 09 Feb 2015 22:32:28 GMT
	Timestamp
Content-Type	application/json; charset=UTF-8
	Displays the encoding and actual response type

SOAP REquest Header:

POST http://www.webservicex.net/geoipservice.asmx HTTP/1.1
    This tells the actual type of action that is being performed over HTTP (POST)
    POST implies a readonly action

Accept-Encoding: gzip,deflate
    This is the type of encoding which is applied to the packets. gzip is common, open source
    and available to everyone which is why it is used.

Content-Type: text/xml;charset=UTF-8
    Gives the actually format of the messages passed. In this case it is passing text in the form
    of XML and is using UTF-8 encoding in those files

SOAPAction: "http://www.webservicex.net/GetGeoIP"
    This field gives the intent of the SOAP request. In this case it was to establish a connection
    with the above URL

Content-Length: 274
    Gives the character length of the request as an integer

Host: www.webservicex.net
    Gives the machine's hostname on the network. Note that this is not the same as the hostname
    of the machine (also known as the computername)

Connection: Keep-Alive
    Whether or not to make this a single established connection or a persistant connection.
    Keep-Alive states that the connection is to persist

User-Agent: Apache-HttpClient/4.1.1 (java 1.5)
    Gives the actual browser which is being used. Since this is SOAPUI it is shown as a non-
    standard browser (not like firefox or google-chrome)

SOAP Request Header:

X-AspNet-Version	4.0.30319
    Gives the verison of AspNet which is being used. This can be seen as a security flaw as knowing the version can
    be very useful to hackers

Vary	Accept-Encoding
    Tells wheter or not enconding of packets is accepted

Date	Tue, 10 Feb 2015 01:42:05 GMT
    Gives the current timestamp of the transaction

Content-Length	403
    Gives the actual size of the content which the header transfers (header included)

#status#	HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    Gives the HTTP exit status. Exit status 200 shows that the transaction was successful

Content-Encoding	gzip
    Gives the particular encoding of the data transferred. In this case it was compressed via gzip

Content-Type	text/xml; charset=utf-8
    Gives the exact format of the data being sent. In this case it is an xml text file which uses UTF-8 character encoding

Server	Microsoft-IIS/7.0
    Gives the server's hostname of the machine.

X-Powered-By	ASP.NET
    Gives the specific technology which the web application is using

Cache-Control	private, max-age=0
    Specifies how teh cache is actually allocated and used. In this case the max-age=0 shows that the cache is not actually stored
